[Music]
give you a briefing about the
institution all I know is it's a mental
hospital but the criminally insane we
take only the most dangerous damaged
patients ones no other hospital can
manage you're hereby required to
surrender your firearms
we are duly appointed federal marshals
but during your stay you will obey
protocol gentlemen welcome to shudder
Islands
Oshin Daniels octet so this female
prisoner rachel solando escaped sometime
in the last 24 hours
she considered dangerous you could say
that it's 11 miles to the nearest land
and the waters freezin we don't know how
she got out of the room came back for a
midnight round she was gone this is if
she evaporated straight through the
walls who is 67 there are a total of
what 66 patients at this facility that
is correct yes what seems to me rachel
solando is suggesting that you have a
67th patient doctor a lot of people know
about this place but no one will talk
you know it's like this scared of
something you haven't taken any pills
have you seen any walking nightmares
lately
[Music]
I've built something valuable here don't
you get it you know Retin amazed
valuable things have a way of being
misunderstood who knows about this
everyone the nurses DVD orderlies they
couldn't possibly know everyone you do
understand if they can't let you leave
going somewhere
you'll never leave this island
[Music]